Specify the package version of the generated VDMs from the generator CLI parameters. (#9)
SAP/cloud-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## improvements

> - The VDM package version can be specified now from the parameter of the generator CLI, while the generator version is used before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When generating OData client code using the `generator` package, the version that is put in the generated `package.json` can now be supplied as argument (`versionInPackageJson`). Call `generate-odata-client help` for more details.
```
